NO-JIRA: Add dynamic plugin project references to the README (#14096)
openshift/console: frontend/packages/console-dynamic-plugin-sdk/README.md

_[OpenShift Console Dynamic Plugins feature page][console-doc-feature-page]_ - A high-level overview of
dynamic plugins in relation to OLM operators and cluster administration.

## Plugin project references

If you're new to dynamic plugins, we suggest to clone the [Console plugin template][console-plugin-template]

> repo and try to build and run it using a [local Console Bridge server](#local-plugin-development).

Reviewer: Typically we recommend running console in a container runtime to avoid needing to build locally. (See the start console script in the template repo.)

You can also take a look at [Console demo plugin][console-demo-plugin] located in the Console repo,
however note that this plugin is primarily meant for testing the current Console plugin SDK features.

> Here is a list of real world dynamic plugins that may serve as a reference point:

Reviewer: I probably wouldn't call this a "world real" plugin since it's not a functioning CRD, more an example plugin that uses the example CRD from the k8s doc. I'd label it as a sample instead.

Reviewer 2: I like the idea of the real world plugins, but for that leats rather create a separate list and lets put there kubevirt, monitoring and other plugins which are currently running in console.

_[OpenShift Console Dynamic Plugins feature page][console-doc-feature-page]_ - A high-level overview of
dynamic plugins in relation to OLM operators and cluster administration.

## Plugin project references

If you're new to dynamic plugins, we suggest to clone the [Console plugin template][console-plugin-template]
repo and follow its instructions on setting up a local plugin development environment. We recommend running

> the Console application via container image to avoid having to build Console locally.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the Console application with a container image to avoid having to build Console locally.
```
Just a suggestion, we avoid using via in the docs.
